the fun
okay that's true true story
four years ago I was a Washington
outsider four years later I met this
dinner four years ago I look like this
today I look like this and four years
from now I will look like this
more companies are moving to new
stronger technologies to authenticate
user identities like biometrics because
it's just too easy for hackers to figure
out user names and passwords like
password or one two three four five
seven
those are some of my previous passwords
I've changed them since then and Bernie
Sanders might run I like Bernie Bernie
is an innocent guy apparently some folks
really want to see a pot-smoking
socialist in the white house we could
get a third Obama term after all
could happen
My Lord Chancellor I have known few
greater honors than the opportunity to
address the mother of Parliament's at
Westminster Hall I am told that the last
three speakers here have been the Pope
Her Majesty the Queen and Nelson Mandela
which is either a very high bar or the
beginning of a very funny joke
so yes maybe I have lost a step but some
things are beyond my control for example
this whole controversy about jay-z going
to Cuba it's unbelievable I've got 99
problems and now jay-z's one it is great
to be at DreamWorks Animation I would
like to work here I have asked Jeffrey
the only concern that I had was the
lights were kind of dim in the offices
and and I'm pretty sure I'd fall asleep
but there's a natural connection between
me and DreamWorks I don't know if you
know this but my ears were one of the
inspirations for Shrek
it's true true story night look I get it
these days I look in the mirror and I
have to admit I'm not the strapping
young Muslim socialist that I used to be
Clym passes what's this thing with Trump
and you I don't kiss it's like me and
Letterman what has he got against you
here I don't know okay this all dates
back to when we were growing up together
in Kenya yeah
we had held constant run-ins on the
soccer field yeah it wasn't very good
was that it it yeah yeah I on the other
end of run my last campaign on Thursday
as I'd mentioned I went to the opening
of the Bush Presidential Library in
Dallas it was a wonderful event and that
inspired me to get started on my own
legacy which will actually begin by
building another edifice right next to
the bush library can we show that please
I'm also hard at work on plans for the
Obama library and some have suggested
that we put it in my birthplace but I'd
rather keep in the United States when a
22 year old Carlos Santana took the
stage of Woodstock few people outside
his hometown of San Francisco knew who
he was and the feeling was mutual Carlos
was in such a shall we say altered state
of mind that he remembers almost nothing
about the other performers
he thought the neck of his guitar was an
electric snake